Overview
This Capstone Project is part of the 5-Day AI Agents Intensive Course with Google (Nov 10 - 14, 2025) and is open to all participants. The project lets you apply what you’ve learned during the course by building AI agents in one of four tracks: Concierge Agents, Agents for Good, Enterprise Agents or Freestyle. Submissions are due by Dec 1, 2025, 11:59 AM PT, and top projects will win Kaggle swag, social media recognition on Kaggle’s platforms and all participants will receive a Kaggle badge and certificate.

Description
This capstone project is an opportunity for you to apply what you've learned during the course week and submit it for evaluation.

The high level process for a capstone project consists of:

Selecting a track (and only one track) from one of the four options. This will scope the problem/use case for your project.
Example: Concierge Agents
Formulating a problem and solution pitch to which you will build your agent. This will hone the objective of your project.
Example: Writing blogs is too manual and time intensive. I will be building an Automated Blog Writer Agent to scale my blog production and blog quality.
Developing and publishing the code for your agent publicly.
Example: Publishing the agent code to GitHub or Kaggle Notebooks.
Being able to articulate the value of the agent by preparing a writeup.
Example: This agent reduced my blog writing process by 10 hours per week
For bonus points, publishing a video related to the project.
Submitting a writeup to this competition no later than December 1, 2025 11:59AM Pacific Time. Check out "How Do I Make A Submission section" below.
Timeline
Submissions are due no later than December 1, 2025 11:59 AM Pacific Time
Winners will be announced before the end of December 2025.
Prizes
The top 3 teams in each track (including teams of 1) will receive Kaggle swag, and their projects will be featured on Kaggle’s social media platforms. All Capstone participants will receive a badge and a certificate of participation.

Features to Include in Your Agent Submission
In your submission, you must demonstrate what you’ve learned in this course by applying at least three (3) of the key concepts listed below:

Multi-agent system, including any combination of:
Agent powered by an LLM
Parallel agents
Sequential agents
Loop agents
Tools, including:
MCP
custom tools
built-in tools, such as Google Search or Code Execution
OpenAPI tools
Long-running operations (pause/resume agents)
Sessions & Memory
Sessions & state management (e.g. InMemorySessionService)
Long term memory (e.g. Memory Bank)
Context engineering (e.g. context compaction)
Observability: Logging, Tracing, Metrics
Agent evaluation
A2A Protocol
Agent deployment